♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Rocky] "Pups Save the Easter Egg Hunt."
That eagle took our basket!
And candy and the eggs we decorated.
There goes our Easter egg hunt.
Uh-oh, that eagle got Rocky too.
[screeches]
Wow, we're really high. Cool!
Whoa!
[chuckles nervously]
And bumpy… Cool and bumpy.
[clucks]
Chickaletta?! You came along for the ride.
I couldn't imagine this disaster
getting any more… disastrous!
But does anyone see Chickaletta anywhere?
Chickaletta?
[all] Chickaletta?
Chickaletta? Come on out.
Olly, olly, chicken feed.
We can't find Chickaletta!
Call the PAW Patrol!
Uh, Mayor Goodway?
Right here.
Oh! Yeah, of course.
[all laugh]
We'll find that Easter basket
and get Rocky and Chickaletta back safely.
And get the special egg I decorated.
Yeah, well… [gasps]
That egg!
Alex, where did you get that special egg?
I found it hiking with Grandpa.
Do you think it could be an eagle's egg?
An eagle's egg?
Whoa! I just thought
it was a super big chicken!
I probably should've left it alone, huh?
Probably. When you find things
like eggs out in nature,
it's usually best to leave them alone.
[sighs] Sorry.
Ah, that's okay.
We'll figure something out.
Skye, can you catch up with that eagle
and grab the basket?
I'll do my best! [barks]
Wings!
Let's take to the sky!
Look, Chickaletta.
Skye's coming to rescue us.
Hang on! Here I come!
-Whoa! Whoa!
-[eagle screeches]
Huh?
[gasps]
[barks] Roll!
[screeches]
Wings close. [barks]
I found Chickaletta.
She's with Rocky in the basket.
But I couldn't get them.
The eagle chased me away.
You found my precious purse chicken.
But a giant eagle has her!
Ryder, how are we going to get her back?
I think the eagle's taking the basket
and her egg back to the nest.
Alex, where exactly did you find that egg?
Up past the rocks on the old fire road.
We need to get up there
and find that eagle's nest fast.
Marshall, I need you and your ladder.
And, Chase,
I need you and your police truck.
-And I also need--
-[horn honks]
♪ Shake your tail
And hop, hop, hop, hop ♪
Aw… What sweet, little, cute,
teeny-weeny bunny-wunnies!
[laughs] Looks like Skye
wouldn't mind watching the bunnies.
[laughs]
Rubble, I need your rig
to clear the fire road
as soon as we get
these eggs out of here.
Rubble on the double!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[sirens blaring]
[screeches]
[clucks]
It's okay, Chickaletta.
Ryder and the PAW Patrol will save us.
[clucks]
Wah!
[grunts]
[screeches]
This must be the eagle's nest.
She took us home.
Now, we can climb down.
Or not.
-[beeps]
-Rocky, we're on our way.
Okay. I'm just hanging out at this
really, really, really high eagle's nest.
Who knew eagles
loved Easter baskets so much?
That Easter egg Alex brought Mayor Goodway
is an eagle's egg.
The eagle just rescued her baby.
Alex's egg is an eagle's egg?
Wow! That's why she flew us up here.
Hold tight. We're almost there!
[sirens blaring]
Hello in there.
[chirping]
Ha! It's talking back.
[clucks]
Hey, you're roosting. [laughs]
-[clucks]
-Whoa, Chickaletta, you're good.
-[chirping]
-[chuckles]
It's okay, little "eggle."
Your mom will be here soon.
[chirping]
[sirens blaring]
[tires squeal]
There's no way around these rocks.
Rubble, your turn.
[barks] Shovel!
[grunts] This is one tough rock!
But not as tough as me!
-Great work, Rubble!
-Whoo-hoo!
Yes!
[chirping]
We should get this little "eggle"
back in the nest where it belongs.
[barks] Claw.
Careful. Careful.
-[screeches]
-[gasps]
[screeches]
Uh-oh.
[sirens blaring]
Look! There's the eagle's nest!
And the basket!
[Rubble] We'd better hurry.
That eagle doesn't look
too happy with Rocky.
[chuckles nervously]
I was just putting your egg back, really.
Huh?
Uh, um… excuse me.
You have some worm hanging from your beak.
Oh, for me?
Very sweet, but kinda yucky.
[clucks]
There you go,
and much better
for you than all that candy.
[Ryder] Rocky, down here!
Ryder, pups!
We can't get them with the eagle there.
We have to distract her.
Food always distracts me.
Great idea, Rubble!
I bet she'd really go for some fish.
[beeps]
Zuma, Skye, I need your help.
This pup's gotta fly!
Let's dive in!
Cap'n Turbot, we need a bucket of fish.
Sure, Zuma, coming right up.
One bucket of fish.
[barks] Buoy.
There you go!
[Zuma] Awesome!
Thanks for saving the big Easter hunt.
Kids today look for Easter fish?
Whatever happened to jelly beans?
Skye, I've got the fish!
Roger that. I'm coming in.
I got it!
She doesn't even blink.
[shivers] Freaky.
[helicopter whirring]
[Rocky] It's Skye!
[Skye] Look, Mama Eagle,
yummy, yummy fish.
[sniffs]
[screeches]
Let's hustle, pups.
I'm guessing Mama Eagle's a fast eater.
Ladder!
[barks]
-Yay!
-I'm on my way, Rocky.
-Hi, Chickaletta.
-[clucks]
Wait! I'm not ready! Whoa!
Ooh! Ooh! Ow! Oh!
[grunts]
Chickaletta's down.
A little quicker than I planned.
Careful, careful… Okay.
You're home, little "eggle."
Mom's on her way.
[chirps]
You're welcome.
-[creaking]
-Whoa! Whoa!
Chase, net!
[barks]
Whoa! Yeah!
Yes! Nice save, Chase.
[all cheer]
[chuckles]
Let's get out of here before that eagle
thinks that we're fish.
What about the basket?
-One last job for Skye.
-[beeps]
Skye, you know what to do.
I'm on it.
-Yes!
-We've got them!
Rocky, you look way okay, dude.
Yeah! [both bark]
Chickaletta, you're back!
[clucks]
Oh, did my chicky-boo-boo
have a big adventure?
Oh, and all the eggs are back!
Not all.
Alex, your eagle's egg is
exactly where it belongs,
with its mommy.
[barks]
Oh, too, too cute.
Now, that's the best Easter parade ever.
And you're all back in time
to help finish coloring the eggs!
-[clucks]
-[laughs]
[all] Whoa…
That's a lot of eggs.
Let's dive in!
Hurry up, pups! It's about to start.
[all laughing]
Happy Easter, everyone!
Welcome to the biggest, most beautiful,
brilliantly bodacious Easter egg hunt
Adventure Bay has ever seen!
[all cheer]
[chuckles]
Now, go find some eggs!
[air horn sounds]
-[barks]
-[laughs]
-Wow!
-I got it! I got it!
[both laugh]
Ryder, you put the awesome
back into the Easter egg hunt.
I can't thank you enough.
No worries, Mayor Goodway.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just yelp for help.
Found one.
Whoa!
[laughs]
[sniffing]
[barks]
Chase, egg alert! Bumblebee, go, go, go!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-Huh?
-♪ And we saved the day ♪
-[clears throat]
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Thanks, Chase.
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-Whoa!
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
Marshall wins!
-[all laugh]
-[barks]
What amazing colored eggs.
Hey, I wonder
how that little "eggle" is doing.
Let's find out.
Pups, check this out.
[beeps]
[chirping]
[Skye] Aw… look at that baby eagle.
How cute!
[chirps]
[all] Aw…
[theme song playing]